topo health in the southwest forest park
turned into a path of real war
hunt for people opened stray dogs
injured dozens despite the fact that in the park
walk mom with children and engaged
Cyril licorice athletes went
dangerous road and found out why bitten
promise God's punishment but to punish
tailed offenders oh so easy here
and not tugged yet fried blood left
Kristina is happy for the first time
a little more ebro pulled up not jeans but
the girl’s feet barely carried away from the pack
stray dogs with which she or
pet heat met in the park
labrador from a fanged pack seriously
got there was blood from the dog that is and
dark
bit her belly because blood was flowing
and directly to the abdomen on the hospital
Christina's bunk and the heat almost crushed
health trail in southwest park on
there are still traces of blood and shreds in the snow
wool and nothing left as throw
the ball is this bunch and sit on top of it
Thank God that during the time came two
men with sticks they frightened them and
ran away to stray dogs
vacationers are accustomed to skiers from them
escape along the path and speed records steel
passers-by beat off so that arm
will get caught
how would people take their shelves but how
more like no more with them
cope
I dictate I draw went there I hid
ask she went back to her
a flock settled by the bypass road
a gang obviously someone cares everywhere
bowls and plates warm blanket and old
things and the message most prominently
for uninvited guests who offend
Dog Lord God will punish that's just
while the force is clearly on the side of the scutes like
tell locals vagrant
dogs in the southwest forest park
hosted long ago the whole road along
woodland enhanced by bloody
stained here is quite fresh
in place we call special staff
carpool they manage to catch only
one dog hid the rest
hunters of animals in a helpless gesture
the forest they are powerless
need sleeping pills need
good and good
they are ready to learn
our
what a dog through
Day begins Kristina decided not to
wait until the hunters catch everyone
dogs and armed herself now the girl
walk only with malvina so
called the stun gun 1000 volts
immobilize any evil artamona
chris trays vladislav kolupaev news
forty first channel